---
layout: 'guide'
title: 'Introduction'
---

### Introduction

Bixby.js is a human-oriented approach to developing applications using [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/).

Users expect modern applications to be accessible from anywhere, be it an office
desktop, a tablet at home, a phone when on-the-go, or a web browser at a public
terminal.  Meeting these expectations is no easy task.  Engineering teams need
people with a wide variety of expertise: building reactive websites for a wide
range of devices, developing native clients for different operating systems,
implementing scalable back-end services, and documenting APIs for use by
third-party developers.  All of this, and more, must be done while ensuring that
code is maintainable and secure as people join and leave the team.

Bixby.js provides a solution that helps meet these challenges when building
back-end services.  The approach is based on clearly defined interfaces between
the components of an application and use of inter-process communication for
scalability.

As a result of this approach, Bixby.js provides two things.  First, Bixby.js
provides a suite of components that are usable in Node.js applications.  Second,
it provides specifications for any network protocols and APIs used to
communicate between processes.  The latter allows applications making use of
Bixby.js to integrate with those written in other languages or frameworks and
vice versa.

Bixby.js favors practical, no-nonsense development practices.  The industry at
large is awash with buzzwords and fads that come and go.  Bixby.js avoids
being mired down in such discussion and focuses on what works.  Bixby.js adopts
time-tested patterns and techniques that have proven useful in a variety of
scenarios.  Well-reasoned analysis of when - and when _not_ - to use these
techniques allow teams to make informed decisions.




As you use Bixby.js, you'll be following the hard-learned lessons distilled by
[The Twelve Factors](http://12factor.net/), resulting in applications that are
easier to develop and operate, whether you are part of a small team or a large
organization.


## TODO: Ideas

Microservices eliminate bottlenecks, in deployment, in developer collaboration, 
in operational scalability.
